feat(rn) add welcome page changes in RN (#1070)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/release-notes.md

### Project deployment in Studio
There is a new _Deploy..._ action in Bonita Studio that lets you [deploy a whole project](project_deploy_in_dev_suite.md) (or a subset) in the embedded runtime environment.

### Studio Welcome page updated

> A new design has been implemented for the studio Welcome page. It is now more project oriented in Enterprise editions and it is possible to directly import official Bonita examples like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new, simplified design has been implemented for the studio Welcome page. It is now more project-oriented in the Subscription editions and it allows to directly import official Bonita project examples like:
```

* Procurement example

> * Expense note example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Expense report example
```

* Credit Card dispute resolution, with the implementation of an Adaptive Case Management use-case. (Enterprise only)  

> This Release note is now opened at first Studio launch or can be opened later from the studio (Menu _Help_ > _Open Release Notes_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To easily learn about each new Bonita version highlights, you can now also find this Release notes page at first Studio launch, in a second tab right after the Welcome page. Once closed, you can retrieve it later from the studio (Menu _Help_ > _Open Release Notes_) option.
```
